Add note about removing /var/lib/sensu/sensu-backend/etcd in cluster guide (#2216)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/guides/clustering.md

We also recommend using stable platforms to support your etcd instances (see [etcd's supported platforms][5]).

> _**IMPORTANT**: If any of your cluster members was started **before** being clustered, remove that member's path to state storage (`/var/lib/sensu/sensu-backend/etcd`) before continuing with configuration._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: If a cluster member is started before it is configured to join a cluster, the member will persist its prior configuration to disk. For this reason, you must remove any previously started member's etcd data by stopping sensu-backend and deleting the contents of /var/lib/sensu/sensu-backend/etcd before proceeding with cluster configuration.
{{% /notice %}}
```

Author: How does this sound? It is a bit shorter.

"If a cluster member is started **before** it is configured to join a cluster, the member will persist its prior configuration to disk. For this reason, you must remove any previously started member's etcd data by stopping sensu-backend and deleting the contents of `/var/lib/sensu/sensu-backend/etcd` before proceeding with cluster configuration."

Author: ...and if that note is good, should this be propagated back to 5.15?

Reviewer: @hillaryfraley I think your suggestion works, and I think this change is appropriate for all currently supported versions.

Author: Thank you!
